
INVENIRE AUDE LICENSE
---------------------------

LICENSE AGREEMENT: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE


IMPORTANT - READ CAREFULY: This Software License Agreement (the "Agreement") is a legal
agreement between you (either as an individual or as an authorized representative of an
entity, hereafter "Licensee", ”You”, ”Your”) and Invenire Aude Limited (the “Licensor”)
pursuant to which the Licensor is willing to license You the materials accompanying this
Agreement or made available for download (the "Licensed Materials" as defined below) on
the terms and conditions set forth herein.

By clicking on the "accept" button, downloading, installing or otherwise using the
Licensed Materials, You agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and if doing so
on behalf of an entity, You represent that You are authorized to bind the entity to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement.

If You do not agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement, do not download, install
or use the Licensed Materials.

1. DEFINITIONS. 

For purposes of this Agreement, the following definitions shall apply:

"Source Format" shall mean all or any portion of human readable form, including but not
limited to software code, documentation, and configuration files.

"Binary Format" shall mean all or any portion of machine-readable and executable code,
including but not limited to compiled code, generated documentation, and conversions to
other media types.

"Licensed Materials" shall include all materials subject to this Agreement downloaded by
or otherwise supplied to Licensee; including Software in Binary Format derived by
Licensee, or in behalf of Licensee, from such materials.

"Confidential Information" shall mean and include the Licensed Materials in Source
Format that are identified as confidential and all Licensed Materials in Binary Format
unless derivable from non-confidential Licensed Materials in Source Format; Materials
prepared by Licensee which are copies of the Confidential Information or from which the
substance of the Confidential Information can be inferred or otherwise understood.

"Licensee Modifications" shall mean all or any modifications to the Licensed Materials
made by or on behalf of Licensee.

"Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source Format or Binary Format, that
is based on (or derived from) the Licensed Materials and for which the editorial
revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an
original work of authorship. For the purposes of this Agreement, Derivative Works shall
not include works that remain separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the
interfaces of, the Licensed Materials in Binary Format thereof.

"End User" shall mean the third party, an individual or other legal entity, that is
using, accessing or otherwise operating the Derivative Works created by You.

“Production Server” shall mean each server or server unit the Licensed Materials are
installed on for a purpose other than: archiving, learning, testing or modifying of the
Licensed Materials.

“Non-Production Server” shall mean each server or server unit the Licensed Materials are
installed on solely for a purpose of archiving, learning, testing or modifying of the
Licensed Materials.


2. LICENSE GRANT. 

This license grants You, and You hereby accept, a non-exclusive and non-transferable
license to install, use, copy, modify and prepare Derivative Works of the Licensed
Materials including software programs in both Source Format and Binary Format under the
following therms and conditions:

 (a) The Licensed Materials may be used solely on the specified quantity of
     licensed Production Server(s);
 (b) The Licensed Materials may be used on additional Non-Production Servers
     for development and archiving purposes;	  
 (c) You may use the Licensed Materials solely for Your own internal use;
 (d) The Licensed Materials may be used on computers owned or leased by You on
     Your premises;
 (e) You may copy the Licensed Materials solely to the extent necessary to exercise
     the foregoing license provided that:
     (i) You must reproduce all copyright notices and other proprietary notices on
		 any copies of the Licensed Materials and You must not remove
		 or alter those notices; 
	 (ii) all copies of the Licensed Materials shall be subject to
	      the terms of this Agreement;	   
     (iii) You may not otherwise copy or allow copies of the Software to be made.

4. MODIFICATIONS.  By creating the Derivative Works, You agree to the following restrictions:

   (a) You must retain, in any Derivative Works that You create, all copyright, patent
       or trademark notices from the Licensed Materials;
   (b) You must cause the Derivative Works that You create, to carry a prominent
       Attribution Notice to inform recipients that You have modified the Licensed
       Materials;  
   (c) Derivative Works may only be used on computers with a legally licensed copy of
       Licensed Materials installed;

5. OWNERSHIP OF DERIVATIVE WORKS.

You retain all title, copyright, and other proprietary interests in Derivative Works of
the Software that are developed by You in accordance with this Agreement.

Licensor acknowledges and agrees that You are under no obligation to deliver Licensee
Modifications. However, Licensor has a freedom to use such modifications when created
independently by Licensor.

If You choose to make Licensee Modifications available to Licensor, without imposing a
separate written license agreement, then You hereby grant the following license: a
non-exclusive, royalty-free perpetual license to install, use, modify, prepare
Derivative Works, incorporate into other computer software, distribute, and sublicense
such modifications.

6. DISTRIBUTION OF DERIVATIVE WORKS.

You may distribute the Derivative Works provided that:

 (a) The End Users are in possession of a separate valid license for the Licensed Materials;
 (b) Distributors and the End Users are required to agree to terms and conditions that
     protect the Derivative Works as much as this Agreement.
 (c) You may agree to accept warranty, indemnity, or other liability obligations and/or
     rights consistent with this Agreement. However, in accepting such obligations, You
     may act only on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility.


7. RESTRICTIONS. 

Except as otherwise expressly permitted in this Agreement, You are not allowed to:

 (a) modify or create any Derivative Works of the Licensed Materials;
 (b) manipulate or alter the components that make up the Licensed Materials in any way; 
 (c) sell, rent, lease, sublicense, or otherwise transfer rights to the Licensed Materials. 

8. LICENSE FEE. 

In consideration of the rights granted hereunder, You agree to pay Licensor the
appropriate license fee when You agree to this Agreement by clicking the “I Agree”
button below.

9. OWNERSHIP.

The Licensed Materials are licensed and not sold. The software in Binary Format and
Source Format is a proprietary product and is protected by copyright and other
intellectual property laws. You acquire only the right to use Licensed Materials and do
not acquire any rights, express or implied, in the Licensed Materials other than those
specified in this Agreement. Licensor shall at all times retain all rights, title,
interest, including intellectual property rights, in Licensed Materials.

10. CONFIDENTIALLITY.
Licensee agrees:

 (a) to use the Confidential Information only as necessary to exercise its rights or
     fulfill its obligations under this Agreement;
 (b) to implement reasonable procedures to prohibit the disclosure, unauthorized
      duplication, misuse or removal of Confidential Information; and
 (c) not to disclose Confidential Information to employees not having a need to know or
     to any third party (except that Licensee may, in appropriate circumstances and
     subject to a nondisclosure agreement with terms and conditions at least as
     protective as these terms, disclose Confidential Information to Licensee's
     contractors)

Licensee shall at all times protect the Confidential Information with at least the same
standard of care as it exercises to protect its own confidential information of like
importance, but in no event less than reasonable care.

11. INDEMNIFICATION

You will defend Licensor against any and all claims made by an unaffiliated third party
and pay the amount of any resulting adverse final judgment (or settlement to which
Licensor consents) that arises or results from the use or distribution of Your products
that incorporate any portion of the Licensed Materials or the Derivative Work, but only
if and to the extent such claims are not attributable solely to the Licensed Materials.

12. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE WARRANTIES THAT IT IS FREE OF
DEFECTS, MERCHANTABLE, FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGING. THE ENTIRE RISK
AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE SOFTWARE PROVE
DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION.

13. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR, COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY REDISTRIBUTE
THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF DATA, DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE, LOSS OF
BUSINESS PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, BUSINESS INTERRUPTIONS, LOSS SUSTAINED
BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES, OR A FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER
SOFTWARE) EVEN IF THE AUTHOR, COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

14. TERMINATION.

VIOLATION OR NON-ACCEPTANCE OF ANY OF THE ABOVE LICENSE CONDITIONS IMMEDIATELY AND
UNCONDITIONALLY TERMINATES YOUR LICENSE.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS